for me when I'm thinking about stories that I've had, That kind of says,
Hey, you know what? I am in the Navy. Everyone knows I'm in the Navy.
I feel like I'm in the Navy. Um, they all have to deal with port
calls. Uh, I remember being in Australia, and we we've first we pull
in and I'm telling you, there was a line of people outside the gates
and as soon as you walk, walk out, you know, like, uh maybe people
start talking to you. You get to your first bar and, you know, you
get these looks from people, you know, you get random people sit down
beside you is like, Hey, ah, you want a beer? Let let me get this
guy a beer. You know, like, what's life been like for you for the
last couple of months? You get those stories all the time, Um, you goto
gambling halls and you see, like people just like letting off steam,
you know, drinking and talking and chatting. And, um, you know,
and and their many celebrities for a while, for at least you know,
for days of their life they are the stars of the show, and I think that
that really is the is the role that I see the Navy has played for
me for, um, being really exciting.